# Restaurant-Management-System
# This Project is about implementing a Restaurant Management System using Linked list concept of C language.
* Here we are using Single linked list to store the menu, order , bill etc,.. of the Restaurant.
* A customer will search for a favorite restaurant, usually filtered via type of cuisine and choose from available items, and choose delivery or pick-up.  (i) Online User (ii) Super Admin and (iii) Sub Admin.
* This project intends to introduce more user friendliness in the various activities such as record updating, maintenance and searching. 
* The searching of record has been made quite simple as all the details of the customer can be obtain by simply keying in the identification of that customer.
* A computer based management system is designed to handle all the primary information required to calculate monthly statement.
* Restaurant-management-system is special than other restaurant management projects because it is generated by token system. 
* If someone orders his dishes but immediately you need to take another order and bill out, this token system then helps you properly. 
* This may give very much interaction to the customers.
* Much like ordering consumer goods online, many of these allow customers to keep accounts with them in order to make frequent ordering convenient. 
# Features
* Eases the work of the Hotel admin staff to manage their billing transactions, viewing the total sales, viewing the items in the menu and adding new items to the menu and deleting items,etc.
* Also eases the customers' ordering by providing option for the customer to order the food online, make changes to their order and display the total bill.
* Amount of the items can also be changed using this.
